Versatile TRNG IP Core for Evaluation on PYNQ Platform
======================================================

Abstract
--------

This repository contains a versatile TRNG IP core, designed to evaluate
various true random number generator circuits on the PYNQ platform.

The repository is organized as follows:

- `core`: TRNG IP core folder (`xgui` folder and `component.xml` file will be generated by Vivado)
  - `src`: HDL description of the controller, written in Verilog HDL and SystemVerilog
    - `user`: prototype of user defined TRNG circuit
- `python`: examples of Python script to collect random bitstrings
- `samples`: samples of user defined TRNG circuit
  - `TC-TERO`: a TRNG based on <a href="https://github.com/nfproc/TC-TERO">transition effect ring oscillator (TERO)</a>
  - `latch`: a TRNG based on <a href="https://doi.org/10.1587/elex.15.20180386">the metastability of RS latch</a>
- `docs`: specification and use cases of the core

The core is designed so that random bitstrings can be collected on the PYNQ
platform (v2.6). The author synthesized a PYNQ overlay with the core using
Vivado 2020.1, targetting the PYNQ-Z1 board.

More information about developing an overlay and collecting bitstrings will
be found in an article of the ACRi blog (in Japanese), which is planned to
be published in May 10, 2021.
The URL of the article will be added after publication.

Copyright
---------

The all files in this repository, written in Verilog HDL, SystemVerilog,
or Python, are developped by <a href="https://aitech.ac.jp/~dslab/nf/index.en.html">Naoki FUJIEDA</a>.
They are licensed under the New BSD license.
See the COPYING file for more information.

Copyright (C) 2018, 2020, 2021 Naoki FUJIEDA. All rights reserved.